Update 14 (#276)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/categoryChannels.md

# $categoryChannels
List channel property under given category.

## Syntax
```
$categoryChannels[category ID;separator;(option)]
```
### Parameters

> - `category ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The category to getting the channels. 
> - `seperator` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The separator that separates each option.
> - `option` `(Type: Enum || Flag: Optional)`: The option to getting channels from the provided `category ID`. _(Default  is `name`)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `category ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The category from which to take the channels. 
- `seperator` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The separator to use when separating channel properties.
- `option` `(Type: Enum || Flag: Optional)`: Which property to get from category channels. _(Default  is `name`)_
```

### Options

> - `name`: The name of the channel.
> - `id`: The id of the channel.
> - `mention`: The channel mention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: The name of the channels.
- `id`: The id of the channels.
- `mention`: The channel mentions.
```
